films like an action Blockbuster the
houthi helicopter emblazened in the
yemeni and Palestinian Flags approaches
its
Target it's unclear if the Galaxy
leaders crew has any idea of what's
happening the helicopter touches down
and outpour the assault team they fan
out across the top deck in matching
fatigues and BAC
clavers it doesn't take them long to get
into the bridge
and the sailors inside have no
chance this is one of the last known
locations of the Galaxy leader as it
made its way through the Red Sea Yemen's
houie Rebels say they've seized the
cargo vessel and it's now at a yemeni
port they've stated that all Israeli
linked vessels are at
risk the yemeni Armed Forces reiterate
their warning to All Ships affiliated
with the Israeli enemy or those dealing
with it that they will become legitimate
targets for the Armed
Forces Hamas has thanked the houthis for
the hijacking and for support in its
fight against
Israel this is a welcome step from the
yemeni forces and I believe that the
size of the Zionist crime committed in
Gaza makes every loyalist eager to
defend and support the Palestinian
people with all he can for Israel this
incident is part of a Iranian
orchestrated Continuum of conflict
taking in Hamas in the occupied
Palestinian territories Hezbollah in
Lebanon and the houthis in Yemen all
groups that Israel sees as proxies to a
greater or lesser extent of tan prime
minister Benjamin netanyahu's office
says this is another Act of Iranian
terrorism which expresses a Leap Forward
in Iran's aggression against the
citizens of the Free World and creates
International implications regarding the
security of global shipping
lanes
Iran has denied it had anything to do
with the hijacking but Israeli security
Watchers are worried about its
implications for international shipping
this is uh intended to open a new front
in addition to Lebanon in order to
divert attention from Gaza or divert
resources but um it is not in the Hood's
interest also the American fifth Fleet
is operating there they have a base in
Somali too um so uh it's in everyone's
uh interest to calm down in the Red Sea
the reverberations from hamas's attacks
of October the 7th and Israel's war on
Gaza are being felt throughout the
region Rory Chalin Al jazer occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer